[ZT] Clarify Infra App note (#21262)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/infrastructure-apps.mdx

Access for Infrastructure allows you to have granular control over how users access individual servers, clusters, or databases. By adding an infrastructure application to Cloudflare Access, you can configure how users authenticate to the resource as well as control and authorize the ports, protocols, and usernames that they can connect with. Access and command logs ensure regulatory compliance and allow for auditing of user activity in case of a security breach.

:::note

> Access for Infrastructure currently only supports [SSH](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/ssh/ssh-infrastructure-access/). To connect using other protocols, [add a self-hosted private application](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/self-hosted-private-app/) or configure a [browser-rendered terminal](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/browser-rendering/).

Author: ```suggestion
Access for Infrastructure currently only supports [SSH](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/ssh/ssh-infrastructure-access/). To connect using other protocols, [add a self-hosted private application](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/self-hosted-private-app/). For browser-based SSH, RDP, or VNC, refer to [browser-rendered terminal](/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/browser-rendering/).
```
